loan_qualifier_app/README.md, before:

# Loan Qualifier Application

**Welcome to my loan qualifier project. This was created to easily analyze an applicant's credit and financial information to see if their loan fits the criteria for possible acceptance at various banking institutions.**

Just after the title, introduce your project by describing attractively what the project is about and what is the main problem that inspires you to create this project or what is the main contribution for the potential user of your project.

---

## Technologies
This project has been created with the following technologies:
* Python version: 3.9.12
* Fire
* Questionary
* CSV
* Pathlib

Describe the technologies required to use your project such as programming languages, libraries, frameworks, and operating systems. Be sure to include the specific versions of any critical dependencies that you have used in the stable version of your project.

---

## Installation Guide

The loan qualifier is a command line interface (CLI) application. In order to order to run this application, the following must be installed for it to work:

* A command line application such as Git Bash for Windows or Terminal for Mac.

* Fire

* Questionary

In this section, you should include detailed installation notes containing code blocks and screenshots.

---

## Usage

This section should include screenshots, code blocks, or animations explaining how to use your project.

---

## Contributors

In this section, list all the people who contribute to this project. You might want recruiters or potential collaborators to reach you, so include your contact email and, optionally, your LinkedIn or Twitter profile.

---

## License

When you share a project on a repository, especially a public one, it's important to choose the right license to specify what others can and can't with your source code and files. Use this section to include the license you want to use.

Commit message:

Updates the app.py and readme.md files to the final completed versions.

loan_qualifier_app/README.md, after:

# Loan Qualifier Application

**Welcome to my loan qualifier project. This was created to easily analyze an applicant's credit and financial information to see if their loan fits the criteria for possible acceptance at various banking institutions.**


---

## Technologies
This project has been created with the following technologies:
* Python version: 3.9.12
* Fire
* Questionary
* CSV
* Pathlib

---

## Installation Guide

The loan qualifier is a command line interface (CLI) application. In order to order to run this application, the following must be installed for it to work:

* A command line application such as Git Bash for Windows or Terminal for Mac.

* In your terminal, install Fire using: pip install fire
> pip install fire

* In your terminal, install Questionary using: pip install questionary
> pip install questionary

In this section, you should include detailed installation notes containing code blocks and screenshots.

---

## Usage

To use the loan qualifier application, clone the respository to your local machine and run the app.py file.

Locate the daily_rate_sheet.csv file under the "data" folder. This file contains the list of all the banks available that offer loans and their qualification criterias. Use this data as an example or replace with your own data under each heading.

![Bank loan criteria csv example](../loan_qualifier_app/Images/daily_rate_sheet_example.png)


From there, answer the prompted loan qualification criteria questions.


![Loan Qualification data Prompts](../loan_qualifier_app/Images/Loan_Qualification_Data_Prompts.png)


At the very end, you will be asked if you would like to export your list of filtered banks and their informtation that a user qualifies for. Type "y" for yes if you like to export the data into a new csv file. Or answer "n" for no if you do not want to export a csv file.


![Saved qualifying loan data csv example](../loan_qualifier_app/Images/saved_csv.png)

---

## Contributors

Loan qualifier application created by: Jonathan Kang (jkang1990amg)

---

## License

No licenses required.
